Add info about OOPSLA 2020 (#132)
intel/yarpgen: README.md

A generated random program is guaranteed to be statically and dynamically correct program. This implies no undefined behavior, but allows for implementation defined behavior.

> Currently, there exist two versions of YARPGen: one is designed to test loops (it is under development and lives in the master branch), and the other one is designed to test scalar optimizations (it lives in [v1 branch](https://github.com/intel/yarpgen/tree/v1)). More information about YARPGen and scalar version can be found in [this talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mb9aRoXnicE) and [this paper](yarpgen-ooplsa-2020.pdf), which was awarded a distinguished paper award at the OOPSLA 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there exist two versions of YARPGen: one is designed to test loops (it is under development and lives in the main branch), and the other one is designed to test scalar optimizations (it lives in [v1 branch](https://github.com/intel/yarpgen/tree/v1)). More information about YARPGen and scalar version can be found in [this talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mb9aRoXnicE) and [this paper](yarpgen-ooplsa-2020.pdf) published at the OOPSLA 2020 and received an ACM SIGPLAN distinguished paper award.
```

ACM SIGPLAN distinguished paper award
